Julio Saldenha?
-That's me.
-Please come in.
Thank you.
So you do your business in here.
Yeah.
If you have trouble,
we have a collection of magazines.
The instructions are on the card.
Little wipes, just in case.
And don't steal the remote.
Bring the cup
to the nurses' station when it's full.
-Okay. Thanks.
-Here.
I'll do that.
Sorry.
I'm here to help him come.
A NETFLIX SERIES
THE LAME PLAN
THE CRAZY PLAN
THE BOOTY PLAN
THE HOOK-UP PLAN
Hello, pretty shepherdess. May I sit here?
-I've got a big goat cheese.
-How'd you get mixed up in this?
Brad Pitt was unavailable.
No, but when I showed up at the agency,
they thought I was auditioning.
And they insisted
that I be the shepherd and do the music.
I mean, the music.
I figured, "Okay, double the pay,
I can pay the rent,"
so I took the opportunity.
-That goat is so pretty.
-I mean, it's a goat.
You know what, my love?
I'm really proud of you.
Stop messing around.
No, for real.
Wait, Julio.
Thank you, goat.
I'm singing the tune.
You know the place is huge.
It'll take a year of work.
She wants it done in six months.
-For real?
-Yeah.
I made her think
I have a bunch of employees.
But how will you manage?
I'm going to make her think
Matt works for me.
A star like her, in this village,
it's like Michael Jackson.
Prices will skyrocket. We can't sell now.
You think so?
I didn't tell you, but you know
the hospital management job?
Where I applied before I met Nicole?
-Well, they're hiring me.
-Really? That's great.
Yeah, it's awesome.
But it's in Paris. So we have to go back.
-Yeah.
-That's what you wanted.
Yeah.
-Of course, yeah.
-That's awesome.
Yeah, it's awesome.
Love is a Bohemian bird
That has never, never known love
Little bird, little bird
Max.
Little bird, how I love you
Shut up! Please.
I need to talk to you.
Talk to me?
-I need to tell you something.
-Is it serious?
Kind of, yeah.
Did we lose points in the polls? Fuck!
No, that's not it.
I need to tell you.
Otherwise, I'm going to lose my mind.
Okay.
I'm dumping you.
Seriously?
Fuck.
This is what being dumped feels like?
So…
it's just that I…
Could you sit down?
We need to admit it.
The whole lockdown mess
is what brought us closer.
I was going through a rough time.
You were there.
And after that,
it was us against the world.
But I believed in it. I swear.
Except you don't treat me as an equal,
and I can't see myself in this.
You and me,
it's pretty, it looks great in pics…
but you can't build a life on a hashtag.
And now, it's time I took care of myself.
You understand?
Well, I…
Yes. No. I don't know.
And the campaign?
How will I manage?
-Fuck.
-No, I was kidding.
Can you tell the others I dumped you?
Now she regrets it.
So you already miss it?
CHANTAL
GOOGLE YOURSELF NOW, DICKHEAD!
Charlotte!
Cha!
Ovarian insufficiency
and endometriosis, that's just…
that really sucks.
-So it's my fault, then?
-Hang on.
Regarding you, sir,
your sperm isn't exactly Napoleonian
when it comes to valiancy,
combativity, and all that.
I see a few of them are swimming,
so we should be able to do something here.
See, it's my fault too.
Well, it's mostly the lady here.
Listen, in my opinion, it's very simple.
We need ovarian stimulation
in preparation for an IVF.
And
could it work?
You know, fertility is like a big lottery.
There are no certitudes.
With a little bit of magic,
you can make it work.
Now, just to clarify,
you should know
that stimulation leads to a kind of
emotional rollercoaster.
We have seen women get the urge
to end their life quite violently.
-Really?
-That bad.
It's important for you to know
since you will have to deal with her.
She might get a little complicated.
-No.
-Well, yes.
Anyway.
I'm sure she has girlfriends?
A tight-knit circle?
-Yes.
-I suppose.
Yes.
Great, shall we go for it?
Yes?
Why?
MAXIME PAUILLAC'S FAKE FARMER
Why?!
You could have worn any other costume!
Why did you choose this one to go party?
I just didn't think
anyone would recognize me.
Then again,
you should've just had a solid project.
Okay, Cha.
I know you just dumped me,
but could you please support me right now?
-You dumped him?
-Yeah.
Finally! Thank God.
Shit, you guys are…
This is hard.
I'm going to come.
Are you sure
this is the time to watch porn?
Hang on, I think
the bad buzz around
the fake farmer is snowballing.
I mean, there are balls.
-Wait, this is you!
-What?
This is your…
-His dick, yeah.
-Yeah.
What do you mean, my dick?
Very smart.
It's funny, from this angle,
it looks like it's a lot more…
Yeah…
I'm going to come!
No, this is a conspiracy.
This is the Green guy.
He wants to sink me in the polls.
I sent one video of my dick
to a girl because she asked me for it!
I mean, I felt that she wanted it, so…
All our former colleagues
from city hall are joining in.
So, Cécile says you're "a pig."
Karine?
Karine? She has some nerve.
She's the one teasing everyone,
walking around in a crop top.
A BIG JERK!
#RATOUTYOURPAUILLAC
Already 900 retweets and a hashtag.
ASSHOLE FORMER COLLEAGUE
FAKE ON ALL LEVELS
Hashtag "Rat out your Pauillac."
At least people are talking about you.
Okay, this is too much for me.
Cha?
So, can I dump you too?
Because three months
before the first vote,
I don't see what we can do.
Apart from a sex tape.
That could work?
-Come on. Let's get out of here.
-No, but…
You stole all the trash bags?
I spent an hour looking for them.
It's both hideous
and very artistic. It's troubling.
A cross between
a slum and a stall at an art fair.
Come on. Go ahead, Eddy.
Look, your pacifier toy.
-Hi, Eddy.
-See you.
Kisses.
Yeah?
I want your opinion on how
to announce my pregnancy to my followers.
Hang on. Take a look.
What do you think?
-Yeah.
-Not bad. Otherwise, this.
-Or this.
Or this. See?
But with little booties
on the belly. Cute, right?
But it won't look
the same at all with you.
Why not?
-Why do you say that?
-I have no ideas.
-I have no opinion.
-Please, it's super important.
I'm a momtrepreneur! A mompreneur!
I have to be successful
professionally and maternally.
People need to see it, so…
You think I'm the right person?
Call the girls.
No.
-You're doing a transference.
-What? Not at all.
You miss them.
-You want me to replace your BFFs.
-No.
I don't miss them, so no.
Well, thanks. See you.
-Eddy, Mommy's transferring.
-Not at all!
-You ready to do this?
-Yeah.
You feel okay? You're relaxed?
-Just jab me.
-You sure?
-So I'm doing it?
-Do it.
There.
It's over.
You okay?
I didn't feel a thing.
No, usually, with my fear of needles,
it's the girls who…
Who…
-Is the emotional roller coaster starting?
-Not at all.
I swear,
this isn't going to affect me. I'm sure.
My love, you need to sleep.
How do you expect me to sleep?
See, it's crazy.
This animal is so close to us,
and nobody knows.
And it's not really a human or a plant.
Or an animal. See?
Yeah.
I mean, it's a blob.
But don't you have
a big work thing tomorrow?
Fuck, get off my back!
I know what I'm doing.
How convenient that it just happens
to be the woman who has to deal
with the hard stuff during IVF!
Being a caregiver is all or nothing.
If you've lost your vocation,
I won't hold you back.
But it'll be hard on the patients.
I hope they haven't grown
attached to your ugly mug.
-My ugly slow mug.
-Yeah.
And nobody can blame you
for wanting to talk to a computer.
No, Nicole, that's not it.
I think I'm too old for this.
Right, for giving up your life
to protect others?
-Yeah, you're definitely too old for this.
-No, it's just…
Sorry, I have to take this.
Hello?
Congrats, bro, on the job in Paris.
Thanks.
But you're not calling about that.
You've been congratulating me
by text for 32 years.
No, I… Well…
I also wanted to tell you
that I finally dumped Maxime.
Everyone will be happy.
JUST CANCER
Okay, great. And you?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm good. Great.
Listen, I have to go.
I can't really talk. I'm in a bookstore.
Okay, bye.
And I was diagnosed with a little lump,
a little cancer, but it's nothing.
It's teeny-tiny. Okay?
Don't worry. I'm doing great.
Love you!
Shit…
This isn't happening.
Yes, Antoine.
Where are you? I'm coming.
No, please don't.
Please, Antoine.
I just wanted you to know, to be there.
I need to handle this alone,
you understand?
I need to know that
I can count on you to count on me.
I can't do that, Charlotte.
I can't.
But I need you to do it for me.
And I need you to keep this to yourself.
Otherwise, it's not this stupid lump
that's going to kill me.
It's the pity in people's eyes.
I'm stronger than that. You know?
So now, you're going to keep
taking care of people who really need it.
And
I'm going to start
taking care of myself, for real.
Okay?
All right, but you'll never stop me
from taking care of you, Charlotte.
I know.
Okay.
See you, best bro del mundo.
See you, little sister.
Wear that jacket. You look slimmer.
It's great. Come on.
Hey. Harvey Weinstein's here.
-Hi.
-I hope you're proud of yourself.
What's he doing here?
I need asylum.
Just two weeks. I need people to forget.
Girls in Paris
are spitting on me in the street.
Don't you like that?
You think this toxic, dysfunctional
male role model is good for Eddy?
Don't worry about Eddy. He's a feminist.
He's the generation after Z.
Come to think of it, what is that?
Is it Generation A?
Does it start over? I don't know.
-You want political asylum?
-Please.
Give me your phone.
As long as you're in my home,
you do what I want. Give it.
Go dress like Matt.
You're going to pretend to work for me.
I'll explain in the car.
-In the garage.
-Yes.
And brush your hair, this won't do.
And then, they leave Roger the Frog,
like two little blowhards,
and they end up
in front of the jellyfish tank.
And then, he says to her,
"I want you."
The girl hesitates,
so he tells her,
"Come on, don't be a whore!"
That's awesome!
No, guys, stop it.
Stop.
I've seen a lot of boring stuff.
All of Vivaldi's operas,
my sister's dance recitals,
and even my father's
dermatology conferences, but this!
Doesn't it bother you
that it's based on Julio and me?
It's got nothing to do with it.
It's not a man whore.
When they told me
your boyfriend used to be a man whore,
honestly, my respect
for you seriously went up.
-What's gotten into you?
-Shut the hell up!
Piotr must be turning over in his…
He must be stirring because it's ashes.
Nothing, just like his foundation.
So I'm out of here.
There. I quit!
No, because… Why help women?
Seriously, it's so easy to be one.
Bunch of losers!
Elsa!
Elsa, come back.
Wait! Elsa!
I know that your hormones
are having a party right now,
but you went overboard.
Sorry. I was out of ideas,
so I drew inspiration from life.
Are you so desperate that you can't
see Suzanne is manipulating you?
-Where do you get off?
-Yeah.
She's toying with you!
You're like the little dolls
she takes turns French kissing.
Wake the fuck up.
Seriously…
Wait. You and Suzanne? I don't think so.
And you would have told me if she and you…
Same goes for you?
Actually, Suzanne and I are dating.
But it's a secret.
Look.
This morning. From Suzanne.
"My wild pig."
Flame emoji, potato emoji, star emoji.
Okay. From Suzanne. "Your ass. Your ass."
Fingers inside the goat. Sun emoji.
Fuck.
Me first.
-Go ahead, tell her.
-Tell him.
Tell what?
That I slept with both of you?
I'm sorry.
You really think women only have sex
when they have feelings?
So you need labels. It reassures you.
Gay, bi, straight, polyamorous,
pansexual, no one gives a damn.
It's a shame because we were having fun.
You ruined everything
with your couple's obsession.
I'm already bored.
A little advice. Forget about me.
Kisses. Bye.
We're almost done.
About the barn,
what I had in mind based on the plans…
Oh right, these are my Serbian workers.
-Hello, gentlemen.
-Maxime Pauillac, delighted.
-Hello.
How do you find the space here?
Should we create an opening?
It's crazy hot in here.
The opening is a good idea.
You just need a purlin.
-Yeah.
-And you can see your magnolias bloom.
-I would keep the stone. It's gorgeous.
Yes, they're from Champagne.
-Like in the Louvre.
-Indeed.
-It's magnificent, inspiring.
-It's beautiful.
-There.
-Okay, listen.
Let me show you something in the garden.
-Okay.
-Yes.
No. You'll catch a cold. No, don't bother.
-So you…
-Tell me a little about it.
Near the chapel…
What a nympho.
BREAST SELF-EXAM
ELSA'S DREAM
ELSA'S BIG FAMILY
BUSINESSWOMAN
INJECTION REMINDER
MY FAMILY
We'll put it here. Where do you want it?
Over here, right?
Behind the green.
Behind the green. Come on.
INJECTION REMINDER
Gross.
WINNER
FIRST OUT OF THREE
02/03/1999
FIRST PERIOD
FRIENDSHIP PACT
NEVER SPLIT UP
NEVER STEAL EACH OTHER'S BOYFRIENDS
(EVEN AN EX)
NEVER LEAVE ELSA
ALONE FOR A SHOT
NEVER LIE
AND NEVER HIDE ANYTHING
NEVER MAKE OTHERS THINK
THEY'RE NOT IMPORTANT TO US
ELSA EMILIE CHACHA
I CAN'T
I HAVE CHEMO
It's going to be okay.
Hello, my lovely followers!
Today, I have a big surprise for you.
And speaking of big,
the surprise
isn't the only one getting big.
And for this, I decided to do an unboxing.
That way, you can guess.
What is it?
It's little booties
that are really small.
So, that means…
Hi.
-How are you?
-Where were you?
-Paris.
-For the new job?
No.
Not really.
I'm trying to be
happy about it. I'm trying.
But it's not like with Eddy.
Do you really want it?
I don't know.
But he's here.
Maybe the timing is wrong?
Okay, good talk.
No, wait, Milou.
You're right.
It's not the right moment,
but it's you, and it's me.
For nine months, it's mostly me.
Do you not want it anymore?
-I have to go to work.
-Milou.
Look at me.
Whatever you decide, I'm with you.
Everything you're feeling, I'm feeling.
You know that, right?
You know, Matthieu, you really get it.
You're in what is right,
beautiful, and simple.
You know, you're ready.
Ready for what?
Ready for the absolute.
Ready to welcome the achieved dream.
Love.
All right.
Well, awesome.
It's funny,
you chicks today like sensitive guys
that talk about flowers, that cry.
Well, "chicks," as you put it,
well, yes.
Chicks like vulnerable men.
They like men who question themselves.
Who aren't satisfied
with just being themselves.
"Yeah, sorry, but that's the way I am."
They like…
What's going on here?
Someone is crying.
Callate.
Oh dear, you're crying.
What's going on?
Oh, that little face.
Those rosy cheeks.
You're pregnant.
I don't want it.
I don't want it. It's horrible.
I can't stop feeling guilty.
I love my husband.
I love my son.
I have everything to welcome this new kid.
And it's the second baby. Babykins.
I barely had time for the first one,
and now I don't feel up to the task.
I can't do it.
-Do you understand?
-Listen, I…
I never give out advice,
but all I stand for in life is freedom.
You have to take things lightly
and follow your little star.
Anyway, you don't need me.
You've made your choice.
Shit. She wants an abortion?
It's the right choice.
-Shut up.
-Yeah.
It's going to be fine.
Thank you.
Of course!
You'll arrive at the hospital
around 6:00 a.m.,
and if all goes well,
you'll be out the next day.
All right. Great.
I mean, no. Not great.
Do you think that
there could be an earlier appointment?
It feels strange to know
you're living with this thing.
No, but I'll put you on the waiting list.
All right, great.
What are you doing here?
Thank you, miss.
Why are you here?
You know, I had a spare key.
-Yeah.
-That doesn't matter.
I'm here about Emilie.
She needs you girls.
I'm bloated.
I have zits everywhere. I'm just gross.
No, not at all.
And it's the last one. Come on.
There, it's done.
All good. It's over. See?
Well, all that's left is to hope.